Group Members: Margaret Burkart and Aidan Fitzgerald

Project: A terminal-based email client using networking.

User Interface:
     Terminal.

     The user must first set up an account, if he/she does not have one already.

     Then the user must log on to his/her account.

     The various folders (Inbox, Sent, Drafts, Archive, Flagged, etc.)
     can be seen using ls and accessed using cd.

     A "compose" command will open up a text editor in which to write the email.

     The user hits ENTER to send.

     The program will take the first line of the file as the address and the
     second line of the file as the subject. (If we have time, we may include
     cc'ing).

     The program will send the text file to the computer that matches
     the account specified in the address.

     When a user recieves an email, it will appear as a text file in his/her
     inbox and a notification message will be printed on the terminal screen
     regardless of the folder the user is in.

Techincal Design:
	  Related Topics:
	  	  Networking
			This is how emails (text files) will be sent from one
			computer to another

		  Shared Memory
		  	 This is where account information (email addresses
			 and passwords) will be stored.

		  Working with Files
		  	 Files will be created and opened by the program.

		  Processes
			 We will be using exec to use the ls command and to open
			 email messages in a text editor

	   Project Breakdown:
	   	   1) Accounts
		      a) Create a piece of shared memory that can be accessed by
			 multiple computers
		      b) Allow the user to create an account by inputting an
		      	 email address and password. Save this information to
			 the piece of shared memory.

	   	   2) Folders
		      a) Set up the file system (Inbox, Sent, etc.)
		      b) Allow the user to navigate between them.
`		      c) Allow the user to create folders.

		   3) Compose
		      Set up the "compose" command, which will:
		      a) Create a file in the Drafts folder
		      b) Open this file in a text editor

		   4) Send (without networking yet)
		      Allow the user to send the email (user side only)
		      a) Moves the file to the Sent folder

		   5) Networking
		      Actually sending and recieving these files
		      a) Send: user networking to send the email to the computer
			 specified by the correct address.
		      b) Recieve: enable recieved emails to show up in Inbox.
		      	 Print a notification message

	   	   6) Opening emails
		      Allow the user to open email files
		      a) Have the program open specified file in a text editor
		   
		   7) Fun Optional Things
		      a) Flags: Allow the user to flag emails, moving them to
		      	 the Flagged folder.
		      b) Searches: Allow the user to search for the location of
			 an email by address or subject.
		      c) Hashtags: Allow the user to attach hashtags to emails
		         for use in searches.
		      d) Filters: Allow the user to set up a filter that
		      	 automatically redirects recieved emails from specific
			 addresses into other folders.
		      

	   Data Structures:

	   Algortihms:

Timeline:


